
Seeking out this lost civilization of little people
  advanced technology has allowed them to survive the apocalypse?
  original map to go to place and dig should be to try and find a collapsed mine, find coffin instead
    note with: they are coming


--------------
VETERAN QUEST: (parts taken from Silmarillian)
I once read about a great hall built in the Blue Mountains by a tribe
of craftsmen specializing in stone and metalwork. They called their great hall, Nogrod.
I made it my life's work to seek this tribe out to learn from and study them. After
what seemed a lifetime of travels, I happened upon a tribe of short statured little
people. They were stone-hard, stubborn, fast in friendship and in enmity, and
they suffered toil and hunger and hurt of body more hardily than any other peoples
I've met in my journeys.

blah blah blah, book should have some excuse to go seek out the rest of the story,
which for some blah blah reason was buried.

1. Dig up location of collapsed mine: Go dig up coffin and find book (Dwarven Forge Schematic, requiring 10 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel) & map (Three Waves of Attack)
Map (quest starter text) reads:
"We cannot get out. We cannot get out. They have taken the bridge and Second Hall. Frar and Loni and Nali fell there bravely
while the rest retreated to Mazarbul. We still hold the chamber but hope is fading now. Oin’s party went five days ago, but
have not returned. We cannot get out. The end comes soon. They are coming."
Addendum: the thought occurs to you that there may have been survivors from Oin's party who fled to the point on the map.

Dwarven Forge: 10 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel, 500 Stone, 100 Clay, Duct Tape, 10 Short Iron Pipe

2. Map (starts rally point at POI quest, and immediately refunds the map): Three Wave of attack:
	a. Wave 1 (moderate dwarves): Drops Dwarven Anvil Schematic & 5 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel
	b. Wave 2 (dwarves and giant): Drops Bellows Schematic & 5 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel
	c. Wave 3 (dwarves and Aule[the creator of the seven fathers of the dwarves]): Drops Crucible & 10 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel

Reading Dwarven Forge Schematic also teaches how to make "Aged Dwarven Forged Steel"
1 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel: 1000 Forged steel (required Dwarven Forge)
Dwarven Anvil: 8 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel
Dwarven Bellows: 50 Leather, 10 Springs, 3 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel

Some sort of token coming out of Veteran quest that is pre-requisite to START the Elite quest
Dwarven Coin?

-------------
ELITE QUEST:
* A torn sheet of paper should be a rare drop in the world containing a piece of the recipe for tap & die
The torn sheet of paper should read that it appears to be a letter written by the master smith, Telchar
explaining how to craft a specialized toolset to allow for more efficient crafting.

Part 1. Kill the Master Smith (Telchar, Master Smith of the Dwarves of Nogrod): Travel to Rally Point and Experience Two Waves of Zombies
		Wave 1: Lots of Dwarves
		Wave 2: Master Smith, which drops book and paper.

 		A slip of paper is left in the player's inventory containing one half of the recipe for tap & die.
		This slip of paper should require the other random drop as a recipe ingredient.
		When the two halves are put together, they craft the item that is the Tap & Die Schematic.

		Tap & Die: 5 Aged Dwarven Forged Steel, Ratchet, Impact Driver, Refined Lead?

Part 2: Telchar's Autobiography (who was driven mad by gold-lust)
		The book should tell the story of the master smith's lifelong efforts in smithing and
		how their parent shared with them a set of tribal tools crafted many generations ago.
		The knowledge of how to craft these tools was lost to time, but the existence
		of these tools was kept secret. For generations these tools were only passed
		parent to child and were kept a secret to the outside world. Out of fear that
		this set of extremely special tools would be lost, they buried the tools in
		the grave of their parent. The last page in the book should contain a map that
		has been damaged by water or blood and tough to get the exact location of X marks
		the spot. This should lead player to huge dig circle.

		- treasure circle should be HUGE
		- in the coffin should be the Dwarven Tools


TOOLS:
Dwarven Forge
Dwarven Anvil
Dwarven Bellows
Dwarven Crucible
Dwarven Tap & Die Set
Dwarven Toolbox

RECIPES:
Bundle of Buckshot (Dwarven Forge)
Bundle of Steel Casings (Dwarven Forge)
Bundle of Iron Spikes (Dwarven Anvil)
Bundle of Steel Spikes (Dwarven Anvil) ****
Bundle of Iron Ingots (Dwarven Anvil)
Bundle of Iron Arrowheads (Dwarven Anvil)

Bundle of Steel Ingots (Dwarven Crucible)
Bundle of Steel Arrowheads (Dwarven Crucible)

Bundle of Bullet Tips (Dwarven Tap & Die Set)
Bundle of Glass Jars (Dwarven Tap & Die Set)
Bundle of Empty Cans (Dwarven Tap & Die Set)

Bundle of Brass Casings (Dwarven Toolbox)
Bundle of Metal Fences (Dwarven Toolbox)
Bundle of Metal Trussing / I-Beams (Dwarven Toolbox)
Bundle of Nails (Dwarven Toolbox)
Bundle of Rocket Casing (Dwarven Toolbox)
Bundle of Rocket Tips (Dwarven Toolbox)
Bundle of Dwarven Steel Trussing Sheets (Dwarven Toolbox) ****
Bundle of Iron Conical Spikes (Dwarven Toolbox) ****
Bundle of Steel Conical Spikes (Dwarven Toolbox) ****
